DOC-614 | Add behavior change when dropping a collection from a graph (#447)
arangodb/docs-hugo: site/content/3.12/release-notes/version-3.12/api-changes-in-3-12.md

Note that all invalid elements and combinations will be rejected in future
versions.

#### Dropping a collection from a graph

Dropping a collection from a graph using the

> `DELETE /_api/collection/{collection-name}` endpoint is now strictly enforced
> so that the graph definition remains intact. Previously, it was allowed to drop

Reviewer: Reword slightly to avoid potential confusion (Dropping a collection ... is strictly enforced)
```suggestion
`DELETE /_api/collection/{collection-name}` endpoint now strictly enforces
that graph definitions remain intact. Previously, it was allowed to drop
```
